# elev8_casestudy

 Overview and Orgin 
 
  elev8 Advisors Group LLC was founded on April 11th, 2019 by Adam and Kristen Spencer. Adam serves as Founder and Managing Partner of elev8 Advisors Group; with a deeply rooted past of nearly 25 years of experience in Financial Services and Payments. Prior to creating elev8; Adam enjoyed a rewarding and highly regarded path to success at both JP Morgan Chase, & BBVA.Adam served in Sr. Executive & Global Leadership positions spanning North America, Latin America, Turkey and Spain. Adam is widely regarded within Payments as an industry expert, and has helped raise over $200 million dollars in private equity and venture capital. Adam’s strategic thinking and global views help guide the client-centric focus of the elev8 team. The advisement group was 100% bootstrapped and did not receive any funding from outside sources. 

Business Activities 

 Their main objective is to provide solutions for distribution, access to technology, economy of scale, and competitive pricing for small to medium sized businesses and banks. elev8 accomplishes this by increasing their receivables through payment acceptance (all types) also targeting large enterprise merchants who generally have larger barriers of entry due to complexity and size/ scope of work needed to execute that change. elev8 offers what they call “ The collective” in order to solve these problems. “The team is changing the perceptions of consulting from episodic engagements to long-term strategic partnerships. elev8 collaborates and advises the industry’s boldest creators of big ideas. We help guide those innovations into becoming products or practices, therefore assisting to create the newest trends currently disrupting the payments ecosystem. The partnerships we build are only realized after we have added proven value consistently to our clients, always focusing on a win-win outcome.” as quoted on the elev8withus.com website. 
  
 Landscape
 
 elev8 resides in the payments domain of the fintech space. In recent years the major trends have been payment gateways, tokenization, contactless payments, aggregators. Major companies in this domain include: Stripe, square, paysafe, northamerican bankcard. elev8 and its owned subsidiary EVRGRN was the third largest and fastest growing employer in the state of Arizona in 2021. elev8 advisors made over 75 million in consulting and project management fees. Facilitating and connecting a software company and two CDFIs into becoming the nation's largest lender in the PPP program. EVRGRN grossed over 17 million while servicing 4.4 million and funding 1.1 million applications. Success in this space is measured by Total gross commission from products and engagements, number of clients of current retainer, net revenues, partnership revenue, customer growth models. Based on these metrics, elev8 is the highest grossing consulting company in the space by 5000%.
  
  Results
  
  If I were to advise elev8 i would suggest that they offered a buy now pay later program. This would connect more merchants to newer technology or lower cost to provide the service. This would utilize More experian equifax and transunion personal credit data, open source technology to validate public data. I think these are the right technologies for the job because, it would allow for easy vailidation of data sets and expidite the process of getting approved.
